Step 1. Introduction
Do you feel tired? Are you under constant stress? Or do you want just to change something in your attitude? Do you crave for new emotions, sensations, and knowledge? Do you want to know this world? Then travel and tourism is exactly what you need. This type of activity will change you once and for all the time. Do you want to miss the boat? So, let us go on a journey!

Step 2. Tourism and Travelling
Every second a lot of people are booking plane or train tickets, looking for a hotel, buying a package tour, thinking over their trip and accordingly then realizing it, searching for stop off, meeting new people, becoming to be a highways and byways, and having the travel bug. So, let us figure out why tourism attracts people so much nowadays
Firstly, travel and tourism are the best ways to experience our multifaceted world from all sides. This is an opportunity to get to know new people and their specialties, to experience different cultures, visit famous and interesting sights, feel the flavor, and taste the local food.
Secondly, it is a good opportunity to get away from everyday routine. Many people use travelling as a means of relaxation and recovery. Most Russian tourists, of course, prefer to be an armchair traveler and travel only from the beach to the bar, but this is also the kind of rest they need. Just imagine you have slept well and after spa treatments you go to explore the historic center of Barcelona. I do not know about you, but I dream about it.
And thirdly, travel calms the human psyche, it reboots and relaxes it. That is why people are so eager for new adventures and emotions.
But during such travels you need to be as careful and careful as possible. There is my little list of travel tips: take an extra bank card and credit card with you, find out about tricks used on tourists, be a travel light, always visit the local tourism office, make extra copies of your passport and important documents, obtain comprehensive travel insurance, learn basic phrases in the native language of your destination, respect a local dress code, travel by yourself at least once. You must be aware of all information about the country you travel.

Step 3. Explorers
Let me give you an example of a person who took advantage of this opportunity (even if it was a business trip). Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama was commissioned by the Portuguese king to find a maritime route to the East. He was the first person to sail directly from Europe to India.
In brief, in 1497 explorer Vasco da Gama was commissioned by the Portuguese king to find a maritime route to the East. His success in doing so proved to be one of the more instrumental moments in the history of navigation. He subsequently made two other voyages to India and was appointed as Portuguese viceroy in India in 1524.

Step 4. Exotic Places
Sometimes travel does not take you to ordinary places, and this is wonderful in its own way. Recently I visited the exhibition of contemporary art "Nemoskva ne za gorami" in the exhibition hall Manezh. Emotions ranged from a lump in my throat to a lack of understanding of what was happening, but I was delighted. I also visited the oceanarium in Turkey, which is one of the five largest in the world.
In addition, I also dream of visiting museum of Madame Tussauds, because in a way it is iconic and extraordinary. These wax dolls are too similar to real people, which is why they attract visitors.
Step 5. CREATIVE THINKING
There is another unusual type of travel - a cruise. During this trip, you are on a liner and sail across the oceans to other cities or countries. Furthermore, during this cruise, practically without leaving the ship, you can find yourself in different parts of the planet, and one thought about it fascinates me. You do not stay in some accommodation. You can look around Athens and feel this Greek culture and millennial history. Similarly, you can visit Sardinia and taste Italian wines while admiring incredible views. And likewise, you can relax on the Cote d'Azur...

Step 6. Conclusion
To conclude, travel and tourism is something incredible, something that inspires and revitalizes you, broaden your horizons and maybe you will keep a diary. That is why you should take this opportunity and explore this world!
